Now that we've learned how to create a case equals stream,
let's actually jump over the workspace and use
the KSQL CLI to see how to do this ourselves.
We now have the workspace open once again,
and I'm going to show you how to create a stream.
But before we begin, I want to walk through a few details.
First, we're going to have two streams just as we did in
the previous lesson that we're going to use throughout Lesson 7,
the user stream and the purchases stream.
I've defined here the expected values and their types for each one of these streams.
So for users, we can expect the key will always be a username and a string,
and these are the attributes we can expect on the JSON blob in the value.
Likewise, we have purchases which is also keyed on username,
and we have username, currency, and amount.
The first thing we want to do is actually show the topics.
So we've opened up KSQL,
I'm going to exit and just reopen here.
So we're going to open KSQL by simply typing KSQL on
the command line and hit "Enter" and just wait a moment while it connects to Kafka,
and now we're in a KSQL command line.
The first thing we're going to do is actually show topics.
So to do that,
we're simply going to write SHOW TOPICS.
So type in SHOW TOPICS;
and always remember to use a semicolon at the end of the line,
otherwise KSQL will continue on to the next line,
and go ahead and hit "Enter".
So I'm going to go full screen so this output is a little bit nicer looking.
But you can see it's a little hard to read but you can see Kafka topic,
you can see the name of the topics,
and you can see some other attributes around them as well.
So basically, how many partitions?
How many replications?
How many consumers and consumer groups?
So I wanted to show this to you just so you can get a feeling of
how you can use KSQL to actually see what streams are available for you to work with.
So now that we've seen that,
let's actually go ahead and create a stream.
Scrolling down, we're going to go ahead and create a stream for purchases.
So to do this, we're going to use this create stream command.
But before we begin, I just want to reference where am I getting these field values from?
If I scroll up, you'll recognize that they're coming from the purchases data.
So again, the value type is defined here as username, currency,
and amount and we have a string, a string,
and an int, and a key type of string.
It's going back, let's actually run our creation command.
So let's quickly review what's going on here.
We're saying we want to create a stream called purchases,
we want a username as varchar,
and currency as varchar,
so they're both strings,
and we want the amount to be an integer.
We're pointing to the Kafka topic we want to use which in
this case is the com.udacity.streams.purchases
stream and we're telling KSQL that the values are going to be in JSON format.
So let's go ahead and try running that command.
So I'm going to hit "Enter",
and you should get a message like this that says stream created.
Now, if you want to confirm that it's been created,
you can type show streams.
You can see we have one here com.udacity.streams.purchases.
We could also quickly do,
select star from purchases.
Limit 10 just as get 10 messages out of our stream, and there you go.
You can see we've got 10 purchases selected out of our stream.
So we know that that create worked.